>> Brian Holt: Exercise time.
Let's open, so go to CodePen.
So you can go to codepen.io/pen, it'll
take you straight to creating a new pen.
I'm pretty sure you can
go to codepen.io and
just like there's a new
button there as well.
Let's go back here and
let's get the requirements again.
So I want you on this new page.
So first of all, let's talk a little bit,
just specifically about CodePen.
You don't have to put
that HTML tag on CodePen.
CodePen actually automatically
does that for you.
So if you wanna be lazy like I am,
you don't have to.
If you want to actually like be complete
and kinda get the full experience,
you're welcome to as well.
It won't hurt anything.
Anyway, so
what I want you to do on this new page
is I want you to make a title, right?
If you remember the titles are like
the H1 through the H6, and the reason why
you would choose an H1 versus an H2 versus
an H3 is it just implies hierarchy, right?
So the H1 should be
the most important title.
Typically, you only have, there's kind
of different schools of thought on this,
but you have one H1 on a page, right?
Like, this is my blog.
Like my blog would be your H1 like blog,
like this is blog post number one,
that'd be an H2.
And blog post number three
would be an H2 as well, right?
And then you would have like
different headers inside your blogs.
The first part of my day, H3.
The second part of my day, H3, right?
It's hierarchy that you define yourself.
Whatever makes sense to you,
that's what you should do, okay?
So in your new CodePen,
create a new page that has a title and
then I want you to create an unordered
list of things that you look for in a car,
and then I want you to create an ordered
list of your favorite cars, right?
And then after you've done that,
give each one of those a title.
It could be like my favorite cars and
things I look for in a car.
I'm doing half your work for you.
Just kidding.
Actually writing copy is
probably one of the hardest
parts of my job because
I'm just really bad at it.
Okay, are those instructions
clear to everybody?
>> Speaker 2: Their asking
more to explain the heading tags.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
All right.
>> Brian Holt: So
you can click these nice
little arrow things.
You can collapse it.
Right now we're not
worrying about anything.
CSS and JavaScript,
we'll come back to that later.
>> Brian Holt: So
just to talk a little bit about H1s right,
like this is a title.
Page two, a smaller title.
Page three, yet
smaller title.
Yet smalled like it's spelled.
Okay, so it implies hierarchy, right?
Like as we've seen with HTML,
it is very hierarchical based, right?
You'll find that a lot of this stuff
that I am teaching you like it
just teaches you kind of how to
define your own hierarchy, right?
Like there's no special rules of how you
can use H1s, like there's nothing that
says like you can't have an H2 on
a page if you don't have an H1, right?
Like this,
it's purely just what it means to you.
So for example, like we'll talk
about the project that I work on,
which is redditgifts, right?
An H1, there's only one H1 in a page, and
it defines like this is what is
entire page is about, right?
And then I'll have H2's,
like this is what this particular
section of this whole page means.
And then an H3 would be like what this
particular section inside this section of
the whole page is.
But that is all defined by me,
right, what does an H1 mean to me?
So they're essentially giving you tools,
like different markers, right, for
your Tupperware, of how to define things.
So, in this particular case, like they
don't really have any meaning, right?
It's only meaning that you assign to it.
Or you'll look at different websites and
they'll have like an H4 next to an H2,
right?
There's no meaning to it and
in that's case it's not very
useful because it's just chaos.
Anyway, they're just titles and
then the number only has significance
as much as you assign to it.
And I guess the other difference is
that the browser has different default
stylings for it.
But very rarely will you just leave
it with the default stylings.
You'll change it to be whatever
you want it to look like.
Does that make more sense?
Hopefully, as we keep using
them it will make more and
more sense to you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So how did we
do?
>> Brian Holt: People still
working.
>> Brian Holt: Looks like I'll give you
a couple more minutes.
I'll give you like three more minutes,
is that good for
people?
>> Nina Zakharenko: I have
a question.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Nina Zakharenko: When we are creating
the unordered and
ordered list, it's in the body,
not the paragraph, right?
>> Brian Holt: Right.
>> Brian Holt: So,
yeah, it's just kind of to,
you don't actually have to put the body.
When you're making HTML documents,
you do have to have a body, but
Codepen actually wraps
everything in a body before you,
right?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Just to be nice to you.
So you are welcome to put it but you also
don't have to in this particular case.
>> Nina Zakharenko: [INAUDIBLE]
code would be [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
let me throw those back up.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> Speaker 4: So do you div or
basically wrap anything or everything in?
Can you explain the difference
between a div and
span.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
So something we have not addressed yet
which is actually a really good point to
bring up is span.
>> Brian Holt: Span and
div are similar because they
are simply like generic containers for
something, right?
The difference is,
is like a div is like a big container that
contains a lot of smaller containers,
whereas span is just like its actually
like the smallest container, right?
So like you can have a paragraph and
it can have a like couple spans that
will surround like a certain words.
So I will go over it after
we finish this example.
>> Speaker 2: Maybe you're covering it
later but
he's asking about black level as well,
do you want those explained?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
we will definitely go over that as well.
We'll address that more in the CSS part,
which is a little bit later today.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.